Welcome back in in this lesson we're going to look at using strict within our javascript so we're able
to define how the code should be executed and what mode it should be executed in.
So let's first of all let's create a function.
We're going to invoke the function and let's create that function.
So in all the functions and we saw earlier that javascript is very forgiving when it creates code.
So if we do something like we set a value of A and we call it to Hello World and then over here we do
a console log a.
And if we refresh it we see that it works even though we never declared the variable.
It still works.
And that's because javascript tries to make things work it tries to understand as best as possible what
your intentions are and if for some reason you forgot to declare a variable within a function.
This automatically becomes a global variable and you have access to it after you've invoked the function
which normally shouldn't happen and you can't prevent these types of errors by adding in use strict.
So basically what this does is this basically forces javascript to execute within a strict mode.
And what that does is that takes care of and catches these types of errors and it throws an error within
the console.
So this basically gives us the ability to catch these errors and fix them.
So in a case where we are declaring variables within a function and we are placing them globally this
makes javascript not as forgiving and open to creating these types of errors.
So what I want you to do now is try it for yourself.
Open up your editor create a function call that function without declaring a variable set of variable
in there and then add in.
Use strict and see the difference.
And then of course if you remove it.
Use strict.
You'll see that it's work.
Once again working.
So this is really bad format and you should never do this in practice when you are writing your code.
Always always declare your variables.
But in case you want to make sure and ensure that things are proper in that use strict they're within
the top of your code.